Document org-member gating option for gated repos (#2493)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-gated.md

---
```

### Gate access for organization members

For gated datasets hosted under an organization, you can also require the organization's **own members** to submit an access request. On the dataset settings page, under the gating options, enable **Also gate access for members of `{org}`**.

When this option is enabled, organization members must request access to the dataset like any other user. The following roles bypass the request and keep direct access:

- Organization admins
- The user who created the repo
- [Resource Group](./security-resource-groups) admins, when the dataset belongs to a Resource Group

> All other members — including regular `read`, `contributor`, and `write` org roles, as well as Resource Group members without the `admin` role — must go through the access request flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All other members must go through the access request flow. This includes members with the read, contributor, or write org role, and Resource Group members without the admin role.
```
